Xsoar mirror saas (#29215)
demisto/content: Packs/XSOARmirroring/Integrations/XSOARmirroring/README.md

Facilitates mirroring of Cortex XSOAR incidents between different Cortex XSOAR tenants.

> This integration was integrated and tested with version 6.0 of XSOAR Mirroring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration is compatible with versions 6.x and 8.x of Cortex XSOAR.
```
